Always use release builds of pre-built dependency libraries on Windows (#4496)
bytecodealliance/wasm-micro-runtime: wamr-compiler/CMakeLists.txt

endif()

# Enable LLVM

> # In Debug mode, force using LLVM Release runtime library on Windows platform

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# In Debug mode, always use release builds of pre-built dependency libraries
```

# Enable LLVM
if (NOT WAMR_BUILD_WITH_CUSTOM_LLVM)
  set (LLVM_SRC_ROOT "${PROJECT_SOURCE_DIR}/../core/deps/llvm")

  # In Debug mode, force using Release runtime library on Windows platform
  if (WAMR_BUILD_PLATFORM STREQUAL "windows")
    set(CMAKE_C_FLAGS_DEBUG "${CMAKE_C_FLAGS_DEBUG} /MD")
    set(CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_DEBUG "${CMAKE_CXX_FLAGS_DEBUG} /MD")
  endif()

> 

Reviewer: - Does iwasm+llvmjit have the same issue?
- Both pre-built libraries and libraries compiled from source share the same problem; we might want to add `/MD` for both `WAMR_BUILD_WITH_CUSTOM_LLVM` and `not WAMR_BUILD_WITH_CUSTOM_LLVM` scenarios.
- I personally suggest using `add_compile_options()` to achieve greater flexibility and compatibility.
